changelog and version increase to 0.2.0 (#146)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/cupla: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

0.2.0 "Khan"
------------

> **Date:** 2019-02-XX

Reviewer: don't forget this :)

Author: Yes the date is currently not clear but very soon it is.

Author: I will set the release date to next Monday 2019-02-10

- update alpaka to 0.4.0 #128 #143
- support `cudaGetErrorName` #113
- support `cudaEventBlockingSync` #98
- support for alpaka OMP4 backend #137
- support for alpaka TBB backend #105
- support for alpaka HIP backend #97

> - adds atomicAnd, atomicXor, atomicOr #117

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- adds `atomicAnd`, `atomicXor`, `atomicOr` #117
```

- configuration header/cupla support without CMake #112
- move all accelerator-specific code to an inline namespace #106
- pin memory allocated with `cuplaMallocHost` #144

> - switch for dependency alpaka from submodule to subtree #103

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- switch internally shipped version of alpaka from a git submodule to subtree #103
```

Changelog
=========

0.2.0 "Khan"
------------
**Date:** 2019-02-10

- update alpaka to 0.4.0 #128 #143
- support `cudaGetErrorName` #113
- support `cudaEventBlockingSync` #98
- support for alpaka OMP4 backend #137
- support for alpaka TBB backend #105
- support for alpaka HIP backend #97
- adds `atomicAnd`, `atomicXor`, `atomicOr` #117
- configuration header/cupla support without CMake #112
- move all accelerator-specific code to an inline namespace #106
- pin memory allocated with `cuplaMallocHost` #144
- switch internally shipped version of alpaka from a git submodule to subtree #103
- refactor cupla kernel execution #136

> - compile cupla interfaces into static cupla library #140

Reviewer 2: Perhaps replace `into static cupla library` with `into a static library`?
